hi to all the Gemini and Gemini rising
subscribers on my side appreciate it
also thank you everybody for putting
comments in last month I've decided to
continue with the monthly readings as
long as my schedule allows and a big
part of it was with all the feedback
that I got between now and June I wanted
to do an additional reading because we
have two celestial events happening on
the 18th we have a new moon we also have
a mercury retrograde so that can mean
some major things and I thought it would
be nice to do one additional reading and
it's going to go between the two months
so we'll pay very special attention to
the center um presenting issues and see
what I can kind of help you guys with
okay so let's take a razor focus again
for that new moon and upgrade and see
what what's going on for you guys and
one oracle card okay so the interesting
thing that popped up here at the very
center is I feel relationships or
there's so many cups cards there's going
to be a lot of relationships blossoming
things changing so we'll fortunate in
Reverse showing me unexpected changes on
the way two of cups a partnership in a
relationship card and one so be on the
lookout for if you're not if you are in
a relationship and it's more like
work-related you're going to have a
partnership opportunity that comes up
there could be quite beneficial in fact
I do see the king of Pentacles in
reverse so there's a little bit to look
at there but I do think that it's worth
exploring whatever this sort of
partnership opportunity is I feel like
it came about and it's a good change in
your life so you're at a point now to
where you're very happy at least in the
matters of you have an opportunity to be
very happy with love so this if it's a
new sorry if it's a new love opportunity
then I see happiness in the long term if
it's a partnership opportunity
then I see you could reap a lot of
rewards from this partnership so whoever
it is even though it was unexpected I
like it for you and again I feel like
overwhelmingly positive energy
associated with it I also feel like
you're in a position right now to to
open up so if you're presently in a
relationship continue to invest love and
time and support to your partner if
you're not start going out because
people are going to recognize the
potential you and don't be surprised if
you may not I mean it may not be
expected with the wheel of fortune in
Reverse it may not even be someone that
you're interested in romantically but I
feel the romantic feelings towards you
so just know that there's going to be
some sort of love presenting itself to
you over this retrograde and remember
retrograde is about things that you
haven't had an opportunity to resolve so
perhaps that's part of this to somebody
either has unrequited feelings or
unresolved feelings and it's going to
come forth you need to rest there's two
things that popped up and I wanted to
wait to see what this was about this is
a general health warning that you want
to take care of yourself make sure that
you're hydrating make sure that you're
resting because it's it's very close to
the strength card because there's a
woman and a lion tiger or whatever in
this but the four swords and reverse
normally shows me a lack of rest and
also a little bit of uneasiness with
like being able to just take it easy
maybe you're resting but you're feeling
guilty about it don't you're going to
need all the strength you can get I see
you busy this also relates to the cups
cards that we saw so I do feel a very
strong attraction at least on one side
of the fence for this so best to if
you're if there's a mutual attraction go
for because it'll be fun if there's not
then be honest about that but I see
strong strong attraction attached to the
cups cards that came through half you
have to make some decisions this ties
directly into the other swords card
regarding what you want to focus
son and not have you can't have
everything that you want this month you
need to walk away from some of your
commitments generally speaking and now
this makes a little bit of sense with
the wheel of fortune in Reverse with the
ace of cups in Reverse also the fact
that the car came up about drinking
water and I see the rest card I feel
like even with love coming into your
life you're a little spent as far as
energy goes or you're not your little
apprehensive as far as opening up so you
need to spend some time recharging so on
a literal level fluid intake needs to be
increased water juice etc like positive
fluid intake and then on a sort of
spiritual level your heart you need to
take care of your heart you need to make
sure that you're okay this can also be
like blood flow and everything so
exercise you just want to make sure
everything's flowing properly through
your body and that's going to allow you
to be in a better place for love health
wealth everything and grounding general
overall grounding and expenditure how
you're spending your money this month
will be important because with it in
reverse there's a caution to not pamper
yourself too much I know it's fun but
try not to pamper yourself too much
because you might end up regretting that
when you come out of the retrograde
cycle hold off on your purchases a
particularly spit and paste special
attention to your house and home because
the king of Pentacles is like a provider
card so want to make sure that
everything is okay they're also a
challenge to not be too focused on
yourself because there's more ego
involved when the king of Pentacles
isn't reversed so I hope that helps
again I'm seeing a couple notes with
love like there's going to be loved
coming into your life people that are
buying for your attention but you're not
in a place right now where you want to
give it all out i can see that with the
with the Ace of Cups and reverse the
weird thing is with the Ace of Wands I
do think there's an opportunity to have
a lot of enjoyment with that if you
allow yourself to and if not just to be
honest so that person can carry on and
do something else okay so yes your
opportunity is
self-care honesty with relationships
right now and not over not overdoing it
in regards to spending during this
retrograde cycle okay I really hope this
was beneficial it was sort of a whim to
do one between two months but but I just
felt compelled so I hope you like it if
you have any comments posted below if
you have questions you can reach me
through my website and I'm always open
for personal readings as well thanks so
much and I'll see you in a month